Chrome console allows accessing private properties (#27387)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/classes/private_class_fields/index.md

JavaScript, being a dynamic language, is able to perform this compile-time check because of the special hash identifier syntax, making it different from normal properties on the syntax level.

> > **Note:** The Chrome console allows accessing private properties outside the class. However, this is a DevTools-only ability and doing the same elsewhere is always a syntax error.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Code run in the Chrome console can access private properties outside the class. This is a DevTools-only relaxation of the JavaScript syntax restriction.
```
